feat(apple): Improve Carthage Docs (#3452)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/install/carthage.mdx

description: "Learn about integrating Sentry into your Xcode project using Carthage."
---

To integrate Sentry into your Xcode project using Carthage, specify it in your _Cartfile_:

```ruby
github "getsentry/sentry-cocoa" "{{ packages.version('sentry.cocoa') }}"
```

> Run `carthage update` to download the framework and drag the built _Sentry.framework_ into your Xcode project. We also provide a pre-built version for every release which can be downloaded at [releases on GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `carthage update` to download the framework and drag the built _Sentry.framework_ into your Xcode project. We also provide a pre-built version for every release, which can be downloaded at [releases on GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases).
```

## Macs with Apple Silicon and XCFrameworks

> If you're using Sentry via Carthage on Macs with Apple Silicon or want to use XCFrameworks, please use Carthage >= 0.37.0, which introduced [support for XCFramework](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0). Make sure to use `carthage build --use-xcframeworks --no-use-binaries` after running `carthage update --use-xcframeworks`. Carthage 0.37.0 needs to rebuild the XCFramework form source because it can't handle Github dependencies that download binaries. For more information checkout their [release notes](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0).

Reviewer: We avoid latin words in, but I'm not sure of the best replacement for "via" here. Suggest "by way of" or "through." Use whatever makes the most sense.

```suggestion
If you're using Sentry via Carthage on Macs with Apple Silicon or want to use XCFrameworks, please use Carthage >= 0.37.0, which introduced [support for XCFramework](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0). Make sure to use `carthage build --use-xcframeworks --no-use-binaries` after running `carthage update --use-xcframeworks`. Carthage 0.37.0 needs to rebuild the XCFramework from source because it can't handle Github dependencies that download binaries. Learn more in their [release notes](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0).
```

Reviewer 2: Took these in + a correction: `Github` -> `GitHub` on another suggestion

> If you're using Sentry via Carthage on Macs with Apple Silicon or want to use XCFrameworks, please use Carthage >= 0.37.0, which introduced [support for XCFramework](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0). Make sure to use `carthage build --use-xcframeworks --no-use-binaries` after running `carthage update --use-xcframeworks`. Carthage 0.37.0 needs to rebuild the XCFramework form source because it can't handle Github dependencies that download binaries. For more information checkout their [release notes](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using Sentry via Carthage on Macs with Apple Silicon or want to use XCFrameworks, please use Carthage >= 0.37.0, which introduced [support for XCFramework](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0). Make sure to use `carthage build --use-xcframeworks --no-use-binaries` after running `carthage update --use-xcframeworks`. Carthage 0.37.0 needs to rebuild the XCFramework from source because it can't handle GitHub dependencies that download binaries. Learn more in their [release notes](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage/releases/tag/0.37.0).
```
